# Big Data Analytics SemEval2024 Entry

> Code for the [Big Data Analytics](https://bda-hull.github.io/) research group [SemEval2024 Task 4](https://propaganda.math.unipd.it/semeval2024task4/index.html) entry.

This is our entry to [SemEval2024 Task 4: Multilingual Detection of Persuasion Techniques in Memes](https://propaganda.math.unipd.it/semeval2024task4/index.html). 

**Paper:** \[LINK PENDING. TODO FILL IN HERE WHEN AVAILABLE.\]

**This repository is a work in progress.**

## System Requirements
- TODO detail system requirements here

## Getting started
The code in this repository is split into multiple subdirectories:

- **`EDA`:** Exploratory Data Analysis. Extra experiments not required to utilise our approach.
- **`GoogleVision`:** Generates entities from image files. This is used as an input to the vision stream.
- **`LateFusionEngine`:** The late-fusion engine that merges the output of the NLP and Vision streams together using an per-label accuracy weighting system.
- **`Subtask2a`:** Contains the training code, F1 hiersarchy (Evaluation Code) and models used for Subtask2a.
- **`Subtask2b`:** Contains the training code, models and post-evaluation models from Subtask2b.
- **`Test Prediction Files`:** Test prediction files which can be used to test the late fusion engine.
- **`word-embeddings`:** Some experiments with word embedding algorithms. These experiments informed the rest of the work done, but is not required to use the approach detailed in our paper.

### Datasets

Task data can be accessed via the [task page after registration](https://propaganda.math.unipd.it/semeval2024task4/index.html). The entities extracted from `Google Vision` are available via [this link](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/14PhBsqzrEa4UjjTITCF8pLPWTa8SW6ek?usp=sharing). The augmented data as per our paper is generated by direct translating a sample of meme text using GPT-3.5 - to access the original translated data used in our project, [contact the authors](v.sherratt-2020@hull.ac.uk).

Please visit the README.md file in each subdirectory for specific instructions on each subproject.

A common first step though is to clone this git repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/vemchance/BDA-SemEval4.git
cd BDA-SemEval4
```

TODO Finish this section of the README. We should include a high-level overview of the project and how to use it.

## Architecture
TODO fill this out.

## Pending Changes
- Subtask2a: A modified set of code which allows easy inclusion, exclusion and stacking of models for all experiments, without manually modifying code.
- Subtask2b: A modified set of code which allows easy inclusion, exlcusion and stacking of models for all experiments without manual mdoficiation, including ResNet50 and parameter sweep.
- Integrating Evaluation Code which applies the F1 Hierarchy after or regardless of LateFusion.


## Contributing
TODO fill this out. I assume contributions are welcome after the challenge is finished. If so, we should say so here.

## Licence
All code in this repository is licensed under the [GNU Affero General Public License 3.0](./LICENSE.md). choosealicense.com has a great summary of this license: <https://choosealicense.com/licenses/agpl-3.0/>

[AGPL-3.0](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/agpl-3.0/) was chosen as it provides strong copyleft protections to ensure transparency on future and derivative works. Open Science for the win!

TODO insert appropriate meme here
